ain't-am not
Ain't-Am not
aren't-are not
Aren't-Are not
can't-can not
Can't-Can not
don't-do not
Don't-Do not
Could've-Could have
could've-could have
couldn't-could not
Couldn't-Could not
couldn't've-could not have
Couldn't've-Could not have
didn't-did not
Didn't-Did not
doesn't-does not
Doesn't-Does not
hadn't-has not
Hadn't-Has not
hadn't've-had not have
Hadn't've-Had not have
Hasn't-Has not
hasn't-has not
haven't-have not
Haven't-Have not
he'd've-he would have
He'd've-He would have
how'll-how will
How'll-How will
I'm-I am
I've-I have
I'd've-I would have
isn't-is not
Isn't-Is not
it'd've-it would have
It'd've-It would have
let's-let us
Let's-Let us
Ma'am-Madam
ma'am-madam
might've-might have
Might've-Might have
mightn't-might not
Mightn't-Might not
mightn't've-might not have
Mightn't've-Might not have
must've-must have
Must've-Must have
mustn't-must not
Mustn't-Must not
needn't-need not
Needn't-Need not
not've-not have
Not've-Not have
o'clock-of the clock
O'clock-of the clock
oughtn't-ought not
Oughtn't-Ought not
shan't-shall not
Shan't-Shall not
she'd've-she would have
She'd've-She would have
should've-should have
Should've-Should have
shouldn't-should not
Shouldn't-Should not
shouldn't've-should not have
shouldn't've-Should not have
that'll-that will
That'll-That will
there're-there are
There're-There are
there'd've-there would have
There'd've-There would have
they're-they are
They're-They are
they've-they have
they'd've-they would have
They've-They have
They'd've-They would have
wasn't-was not
Wasn't-Was not
we're-we are
We're-We are
we've-we have
We've-We have
we'll-we will
We'll-We will
we'd've-we would have
We'd've-We would have
weren't-were not
Weren't-Were not
what're-what are
What're-What are
what've-what have
What've-What have
where'd-where did
Where'd-Where did
where've-where have
Where've-Where have
who're-who are
Who're-Who are
who've-who have
Who've-Who have
who'd've-who would have
Who'd've-Who would have
why're-why are
Why're-Why are
why'll-why will
Why'll-Why will
won't-will not
Won't-Will not
would've-would have
Would've-Would have
wouldn't-would not
Wouldn't-Would not
wouldn't've-would not have
Wouldn't've-Would not have
Y'all-You all
y'all-you all
you're-you are
You're-You are
You've-You have
you've-you have
You'd've-You would have
you'd've-you would have